Announce new TSC members (#655)
typelevel/typelevel.github.com: src/blog/tsc-2026.md

Starting in May, we began onboarding fourteen new members to the TSC, who will each [serve two-year terms][motion].

* Zainab Ali ([@zainab-ali](https://github.com/zainab-ali))
* Ching Hian Chew ([@Chingles2404](https://github.com/Chingles2404))
* Daniel Esik ([@danicheg](https://github.com/danicheg))
* Daniel Hinojosa ([@dhinojosa](https://github.com/dhinojosa))
* Philipp Jenni ([@jepfp](https://github.com/jepfp))
* Antonio Jimenez ([@antoniojimeneznieto](https://github.com/antoniojimeneznieto))
* Sabrina Konrad-lee ([@SabrinaXKL](https://github.com/SabrinaXKL))
* Thanh Le ([@lenguyenthanh](https://github.com/lenguyenthanh))
* Maksym Ochenashko ([@iRevive](https://github.com/iRevive))
* Igor Ramazanov ([@igor-ramazanov](https://github.com/igor-ramazanov))
* Justin Reardon ([@reardonj](https://github.com/reardonj))
* Gabriel Santana Paredes ([@Hombre-x](https://github.com/Hombre-x))
* Sergey Torgashov ([@satorg](https://github.com/satorg))
* Victor Viale ([@Koroeskohr](https://github.com/Koroeskohr))

> Over the last month, [members of the TSC][tsc] have been working together to brainstorm and outline organization priorities. Key themes include improving our website and documentation, leaning into our strengths to position Typelevel for AI-driven development, and growing and promoting our ecosystem, especially to support industry adoption.

Author: Did my best to briefly summarize some of what the TSC has been discussing without getting too into the weeds ...

Reviewer: Have there been any real discussions to *support* AI driven development? I recall discussion about policy for AI contributions.

Author: Yes, during [one of the onboarding sessions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-P-B2ozEY2hSvwK3KeAQAzko60zWS_gzhUQc8YUiZ9E/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.yhgr43nma77x).

Author: Maybe we could simplify this to:
```suggestion
Over the last month, [members of the TSC][tsc] have been working together to brainstorm and outline organization priorities. Key themes include improving our website and documentation, positioning Typelevel for AI-driven development, and growing and promoting our ecosystem, especially to support industry adoption.
```
which might encompass both (receiving AI contributions and supporting AI development).
